I honestly think it's coming from a certain not gonna like this.
I think it's coming from his wife. This is.
Going around today. The jacket she wore to, uh, uh.
Oh, what say it says.
I really don't care. Do you? Yeah.
And this was to a meeting of D like, uh, immigration. Yeah. Kids.
She's the kids. Yeah. What is that?
Is that, is that some fashion jacket.
That she wore to that event? Yeah.
Stupid thing to wear. I really don't care. Do you?
Yeah, I care. Yeah.
I do care. But what are we talking about? What an bizarre open-ended question.
I really don't care about.
What the tone deafness of these people.
They have no sensitivity.
Well critic though, of separating children from their families.
And she actually made a surprise visit to the Mexican border today to check in
on it, to see what's going on. Good for her. Yeah. Good. Well,
she's an immigrant. I mean, this is the irony of the whole thing.
She barely speaks English.
The whole thing is so bizarre is that his own wife is a immigrant.
I mean, clearly the whole thing's crazy. It's it's really strange,
but that jacket, this what? This is the sign of the simulation.
Have you considered.
The simulation theory?
Yes. Thank you. Real real might be real.
I mean, sometimes I do wonder. I mean, it's like, it's like reality,
whatever we choose to call it is becoming so weird that
I often ask myself who is writing this and can't they get a
better writer. You know,
the plot is so absurd and yet, yeah. Okay. I.
Began actively considering it when Congressman Wiener kept pulling his Dick out,
like, this is.
Just crazy, right. That guy.
I'm like, this is too much. And then when Trump won,
I just was sitting down going, imagine if we,
one day someone shuts it off and the lights dim,
and then they turn back on and you realize, well, the game's over.
How did you like it? And you're like, what? That was fake. Yeah. You,
you just went and it only took an hour. How long did it seem like 50 years,
you know? And yeah, you you've,
you're in a simulation with artificial memories implanted into your mind. Well,
the one day that there's the idea is that there's going to be an artificial
reality or a virtual reality is so good that it's indistinguishable. I mean,
this is almost inevitable.
If technology increases at the same rate that it's increasing now,
whether it's 50 years from now or a hundred years from now,
we're going to reach some point in time.
So the real question is when we do reach that, how will we know?
Well, what if we're already there?
Yes. But if it is a simulation, how would we know? And how do we test it?
How do we test it?
But another aspect of this is,
do we really want this, you know, do, I mean,
do we want to be immersed in a virtual reality,
even if we could produce one so sophisticated, we couldn't tell it from,
from whatever this is. Let's assume for the moment that this is reality.
It's not, do we want to migrate into a virtual reality?
My concern,
my real concern is that we are the last wave of the biological human I'm.
I'm I'm really, I really do believe I'm concerned.
About that too. I'm not sure. I think that that's a good thing. I necessarily.
Think it's a good thing for the biological human,
but I feel like if you separate yourself from the idea of good and bad,
the inevitability of innovation and progress,
it's if human beings continue to make more and more complex electronics with
higher and higher capabilities,
it's inevitable that we become symbiotic with these things that we ingrain them
into. Our they're going to become a part of your body.
We're going to replace body parts with more efficient body parts, right?
And we are one day going to create some sort of artificial life. Now,
whether we become a part of that artificial life, we, we, you know,
merge with it, or it just assumes the role of the leader of the earth.
One of those things is likely to happen within the next 500 years. It's just,
and that's, that's a really generous timeframe. Okay.
I think that's a generous timeframe.
Well, you know, this, this, I mean,
in some ways this is sort of a, you know, this, this,
this raises the issue about, you know,
one of the things that psychedelics put in front of us front and center is the
fact that we are getting a strange from nature. You know,
that's the main lesson. We're getting a strange from nature.
We have to re understand our relationship and, and, um, um, you know,
become a partner in the symbiosis with nature.
And this projection is the exact opposite of that.
So is that, you know, so maybe, you know, this,
this raises also one issue that we haven't really touched on, but here,
but you know, technology,
which is what this virtual reality stuff is and what any artifact is.
Psychedelics are technology. Molecular biology is technology.
Cybernetics is technology
technology inherently has no moral dimension. You know,
these are not good or bad things, you know,
the way that they're used by humans,
the decisions that humans make in the way that they're going to exploit or
deploy these technologies, that's where the moral dimension comes in.
Mortality comes out of the human heart, you know,
and we are one of our problems. I feel as a species,
we're extremely clever, but we're not wise move.
That's what it is. We're not wise about what we do.
We're not able to step back and say, well, yeah, we can produce, we can,
you know,
download the brain into cybernetics or we can produce an artificial body,
or we can do all this genetic stuff.
Do we ever stop to think about just because we can do something,
should we do something? You know, uh, we, we, uh,
and the arrogance of science, this is also a problem. The scientists will say,
well, they are scientists, right? We couldn't do it.
So let's do it right.
We couldn't do the Hadrian experiment and oh,
maybe it'll collapse the space time continuum, but the very small probability.
So let's do it right. And this is something we have to learn.
I think also the psychedelics are important in that regard too.
They are ways that we can bring our cleverness and our
wisdom into sync so that we have the wisdom not to do
something, even though we might be able to,
we shouldn't do it just because we can do it. You know, we really have to,
as a species, ask ourselves, is this a good idea?
And I think, again, these,
the psychedelics are teaching tools for learning this and
really propagating the message from the community of species. That's.
For sure. Going to be a meme with a photo of your face, that we are very clever,
but we're not wise. That's for sure. Going to be a meme. Some,
some dude is right. Or gal is working on that right now.
Well, I've been talking about this sentence. So.
So striking my real concern with this stuff is that this is inevitable
and this is just like the single celled organism became the multi-celled
organism. And then the thinking,
curious monkey who strives for material possessions is designed to create
artificial life. And this is just what we've, we're sat here.
I've described it as that.
We are the technological butterfly that will
emerge from the cocoon.
And right now we're creating this cocoon that we are this caterpillar,
this technological caterpillar,
and we don't know why we're making this cocoon and that we are going to give
birth to this artificial life, this next stage.
And that may be plexity. That may be true too. I mean, I mean,
what you say is true, you know, on some level,
anything that can be done is going to be done,
somebody's going to do it right. But so, you know,
is it good? Is it, is it good? Is it good for the collective?
I mean, you know, there are always megalomaniacs who will say, well,
I can do it. I can start a nuclear war. So why don't we do this? You know?
Um, and that's, that's the tricky part again, I think, you know, uh,
psychedelics are important in giving us a moral compass. I mean,
a wisdom, not, not a set of,
you know, rules about that come out of the religious perception,
a set of rules that come out of the biological.
What is most compatible?
What is most nourishing nourishing for living things?
Presumably we don't want to trash this planet. You know,
we now have the ability to do that. You know,
the forces that we can manipulate for the first time in history
pose a real possibility that we could add life on earth.
I think it's hard, but I think we may be able to do it. I may, for one,
don't want to see that happen out.
A bit, a few years back in my comedy act about the origins of the
universe and that what happens is people get so smart that they develop a big
bang machine and that, uh,
someone's sitting around and some guy who's on the autism spectrum was filled up
with SSRS and antidepressants and drinking red bull all day. He just goes, it.
I'll press it. And he hits the button and boom, we start from scratch.
And then every, you know, 14 plus billion years,
someone develops the big bang machine and hits it. And that's the,
the restart of the universe over and over. We obsessed.
With this idea that universal simulation. Yeah, I am.
In some ways it's possible. I mean, it's possible.
It is. It's inevitable that there will be simulated worlds, right?
I'm not necessarily completely obsessed with the idea that we're living in a
simulation, but I am completely.
Obsessed that we are a Relic.
And that we are on our way out. I really am.
I really do think that maybe that's one of the reasons why we're so crazy and so
haywire,
it just shows there's no logical progression for our culture that it's as
advanced as we are as much access to information as we have.
We're also as crazy as we have ever been, if not right. Crazier.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So the age of the curious monkey is coming to a.
Close, I wonder how much of a limitation our biology is too. I mean,
you think about what it took to get to here and all the battles we had to fight
and the animals we had to run from and all these human reward systems that are
ingrained into our DNA.
And that now here we are in a place where we hardly need them. And, uh,
yet we still have them just blowing up and exploding and vomiting all over the
place and these weird ways. And we have them sort of manifesting themselves,
very strange behaviors that aren't, aren't good for anybody.
And this constant need to acquire material possessions and conquer and, and,
and obtain things that this is, this is not tenable.
This is not something that makes sense in the long haul,
but yet we still go down this illogical road.
And that this is really just because this is the best way to fuel
innovation.
Our extreme desire for material possessions is the best way to ensure that
they're going to keep coming up with newer, better things every year,
which will eventually give birth to the electronic butterfly.
Well, I don't know what to say about, I mean, it.
May be that may be where we're, where we're headed and that,
you know, it may be that
this is a necessary step. I mean, if,
if our destiny is to actually leave the earth at some point,
if,
if the earth is an incubator for life and we're just
destined to leave it and spread out into the galaxy
and beyond who knows, I mean then maybe this is inevitable that we have to,
that we have to do that if that's what's happening.
But the question is what kind of being will we be when we do that?
You know, we won't be human right. Will be something different than human.
Well, I've always wondered about the alien archetype,
that big headed thing with the no genitals and no mouth.
That may be what we think of as being the ultimate form that
the, the human animal takes. Right. If, when we do,
if we do symbiotically merge with technology and electronics at that might be
the form that we take. It's just so strange that that one excepted form,
and I've heard, um, I've heard the idea that this,
this image is something when young eyes from a newborn baby sees a
doctor and see the doctor with a mask and the face,
this is what they see. And that this is imprinted in our mind,
this traumatic experience of the birth and the bright lights and the operating
table.
This is why so many of these alien abduction experiences do take place in these
very clinic clinical sterile environments.
And it seems like a medical procedure as a,
this is a remnant of the birth process. I've heard that experience.
I've heard that explanation, but it also just,
it strikes me that these things are there. If you go, you,
you go from ancient hominids, you go from Australia, Pythagoras,
and then you go to a modern computer programmer who does an
exercise. And you look at their body,
this sort of like doughy thin bodied.
It doesn't move very well.
And then you go back to this muscular ape-like creature that's covered in
hair. They've lost all the hair. They've lost all the muscle. They become thin.
And then where's that going? Well, it's obviously going in that same direction.
It's not going to,
people are not going to get more muscular and harder and Harrier as time goes
on, unless something radical changes and we need to adapt. Right.
So that would be the normal, I mean, the, the path would,
that would be the natural progression that we would eventually have bigger
heads. Cause we have bigger heads in Australia,
pithy kissed and certainly bigger heads than chimps or Bonobos.
And that it just keeps going in that same direction.
Well, possibly. Yeah. Or maybe we just leave the biological shell behind,
you know, but then where's it really shot?
What do we are trans human and we, um, no,
I'm, I'm not sure I want to go there.
I think I want to go there, but I'm, I'm what I'm thinking is like, what is,
what is it that's making me clean to these ideas? Is it that I love emotions.
I love illogical behavior. Do I love art? Yeah. I love all those things.
I love music and food and all the things that cooking and all the things that
make a person, a person comradery.
But what are those things are those chemical reactions we have with other beings
and natural reward systems that are built in to sort of enhance community and
comradery so that we stay together. So the species survives,
like what if there's something that supplants that,
what if there's something that far surpasses that in terms of pleasure and
connectivity, and we realize that emotions are just these.
These ancient systems.
That were put into place when there wasn't,
it wasn't a better option with these better options. It's,
it's much better to get your food from a supermarket than it is to chase down a
gazelle for two days until it dies, you know, heat stroke. You know, I mean,
these, these systems improve over time. You know, this, um,
this animal that we are now is very different than,
than the animal we used to be. Why do we want to stay in this imperfect state?
That seems even more ridiculous that we'd like to stay humans forever,
but humans are so flawed. We been,
there's a reason why we have all this nonsense in the world and our society is
sick and we are twisted and confused. But.
A part of it at least has to be.
That the human animal itself is very flawed because there's no perfect culture.
You can't just chalk it up to culture because if you did chalk it up to culture,
you would say, well, this culture sucks. But if you go to this culture,
it's amazing. There's no crime. Everyone loves everyone. It's completely open.
There's no need to worry about money because everybody's generous and everything
gets, and they're,
they're really brilliant and they get along and they create new architecture.
And everything's fantastic. It's the perfect society that doesn't exist.
But isn't that the culture that we can create with the help of psychedelic
now is.
That what we're shooting for now, we're talking human.
A truly humanistic culture where people where love is
what's happening,
where it's driven by love and not by hatred and rivalry and
scarcity and fear, you know, and that's the whole thing.
The psychedelics can be the catalyst that teaches us how to love
ourselves, how to love each other, how to love the earth. I mean,
I know that sounds cliche and trivial,
but that is a sincere act.
That is in fact what the promise that they hold for us.
That's why they're teachers, they're teaching, learning tools.
They can teach us to be the human beings that
we would like to be, you know, Ray and I, and that's the thing,
that's, that's the alternative to this hyper technologic coal
future, you know, and, uh, I mean, I'm, I'm all for technology.
I'm not against technology again. I think we have to, you know,
we have to,
we have to bring wisdom to it. We have to make a situation where, you know,
it is not controlling us. We are controlling it.
And we're thinking clearly about, we have, you know,
this enormous panoply of technologies that can do so many things.
We have to think about how do we deploy those in such a way to
maximize human potential or, you know, our humanity.
So that's really,
I think what the promise that psychedelics holdout and that's,
you know, that's what we're hoping to create. Uh, you know,
as a Colonel and we're not the only ones,
obviously a lot of people have this idea and it's happening,
but that's the idea is to create a place where
people couldn't learn this and you know, and, uh,
that's my hope for the future of humanity. Well, it's, it's great hope for the.
Future that people that are alive today. And I think that's the most important.
We don't know what's coming, but we do know what's here. Right.
And I think that's a great hope for what's right.